yes a swatch this is history
Cameroon history contemporary Cameron
history in development
yes it's tradition that has never failed
for the past many years yes
you call this the Mount Cameron race and
this is the Edition for 2018 he just
began this morning just about exactly at
actually exactly seven here and you can
see that the town is ready for it
there is phone that goes with it too and
you can see that the shouting and
merrymaking and the party continues in
this hour
booyah in the southwest region of
Cameroon from every angle every little
creek and corner of boya people are
rushing to the main street to see this
event which is a tradition that booyah
can never miss yes this is Patrick
Stannah your friend and Facebook talking
from his native region the southwest
region of Cameroon Madame Monsieur
tamata camba lucidity Jacques Patrick's
tiene el canto de tres Amato Newsom la
aboya Dallas to do West to Vallejo
regard Salamanca moon not rubella
Montaigne way down the street West Chu
common logic on the summit on exact mo
sector matter to low monetary JC sector
in Stockton il dhanraj la bamba resemble
a bar we swap El Monaco dong dispatch
Obispo Monaco Damaris M no Alicia sector
of your team minute
the world commands Apache danke Zabuza
bitch a massive n1 / de Guiche que la
beauté Levine the boy aqui aqui na sang
shil mont cameroun
danke daddy c'était leaders come one key
organism with a fiesta turned on sale
approval no come on it captain song
sauce that's it
so the history of this event I cannot
say enough for this our region it's a
tradition that the people have
integrated into their own regional
culture so you can see that from every
quick every nook and corner of boa
you see the policeman ensuring security
yes you see they're trying to tell us to
move yes just to tell you that
everything has been put the parcel has
been made you can see security is very
stringent yes they are trying to give
their athletes the opportunity to
deserve and as you see those guys going
there put the cover on your face
gentlemen come here yes you see them
from all over the Republic and in fact
international you can see that guy he
may be from Europe coming to compete and
say all to go up this our chariots of
the gods
yes I am proud if summer camp Tobiah
from my native song went me from a
native come back to come see this event
long with atmosphere suggestive remember
the name implies a beast a wookie at an
exterior do come ooon mammal exterior
the boy a second appeal ascension mont
cameroun a mercy regulation eco-center
national international
would be a hooligan a via donation
depart to the Saudis denominator ban
ki-moon applies a load upon the status
to a minimum the community and from
party s offense safety the Lara
yep they do Cameroon danke
the shoscombe salamanca cos and a warm
out revenge
come on his padre circle north on
aluminum in Seattle yes and it went like
this
the way these organized perfectly
organized the marching of things the
starting time and the seriousness that
policeman walking to keep everybody at
place and at least taking everything as
they should and in fact you could
understand that from the history from
day one till today nobody had ever come
first and was refused your opportunity
so it means that there is a meritocracy
in this process and that's what one of
the lessons we should take and make
Cameron a better place this is Patricia
and talking from Boyer from the foot of
the Chariots of the Gods Mount Cameroon
that we are proud of please work father